files today I'm going to show you how
pass online story cars in gta
Simon, the first thing we have to do
is to go to stars on line options and place of
education appearance
in question of the street any of
we
they entered two merger with the psychological
to find
and when we enter
we will repair it useful and also helped
frighten
the fast psn
and we will close your session
here Carlos
coming to close session
Y
and Roxana sure of the world history
when it's going down we'll go with the car
What we want
Michael
in my case
and I want to do it again
what is that
and now always
these events I like those worms
now when extension of the saint is
Christ
yes
well it's just we have to put the
two roses in front
of the vehicle
like you
and now not
psm
we start session
really
and we will go directly to him
and you have to start from always
invitation from the beginning of the trick
your limitations and the 9 rockstar us
winter when we are taking
and it 's where we've been before
very important a stop because if not for
the car we passed can disappear
our
now that we will enter before taste
and you can insure or sell it
we fix and